1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

Ans: Function reduce the need of duplicate code and also make the code more readable

2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?

Ans: Code in a function is execute  by calling the function. We can def a function by using def keyword. like def myFunction . Function is called when the programe execute myfunction().

3. What statement creates a function?

Ans: We can create a function using def myFunction were def is the key word and myfunction is the name of the function.

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

Ans: A function is a block of code which can be executed by calling the function.

5. How many global scopes are there in a python program ? How many local scopes ?

Ans: There is only one global scope.Local scope, it can depends on how many functions do we have.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

Ans: Local scope is destroyed or variables inside the local scope are forgotten.

7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?

Ans: It is a value return at the end of a function excute.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

Ans: It will be None.


9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?

Ans: We can use global varible's name.

10. What is the data type of None?

Ans: None has its own datatype(NoneType)

11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?

Ans:  It will import areallyoroetsbanederic module  from python

12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?

Ans:  We can call the function using  spam.bacon()

13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?

Ans: We can use try except statement.

14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?

Ans:  Try will run the  code, if it encounter some error then it will excute the except block.